[Music]
thank you I'll just get a glass of water
please I have to save all my money cuz
I'm here to find my sister she's been
taken taken like like by man who sell
hot white virgins to conchiglie n airs
on yours
I am very moved by your story or there
anything you like I'll have a club
sandwich and an altar fries she slices a
cake do you want any cake
no three slices of cake and a diet coke
impressive I'm a con artist
sisters-in-arms I have no idea how small
time I was until I met you candy why are
women better suited to calm the men coz
we're used to faking it because no man
will ever believe a woman is smarter
than he is is it valuable
$500,000 I like it cuz it's shiny
I could be the Papa you livin you needed
teach me your sugar baby ways take this
to the guest room Butler person first
listen there's nothing more compelling
to a man than a vulnerable woman observe
wow you just tear up like that can you
make the tea roll down your cheek oh oh
no you try are you constipated if you
want to be like me you must be trained
for any situation she's ready he's the
mark he's a tech millionaire billionaire
a bear try to be inconspicuous as
possible yeah one person working here if
this person would just scoot over
would you mind sir sir
[Music]
men always underestimate itis and that
is what we use
[Music]
you let her get away huh she dress you
did it again
[Music]
sir must mean says it sir the road alex
is a terrible short that was unexpected
you